Once upon a time there was a
little girl called Ramya.
Ramya loved earrings.
Everybody who gave her
gifts, gave her earrings.
She had red earrings, blue
earrings, green earrings,
and earrings of all the
colours in the rainbow.
Then, for Ramya's birthday,
do you know what her
Grandma got her?
Grandma got Ramya really pretty diamond
earrings that looked like stars!
Ramya loved them.
Oh! Grandma, from where did you
get such pretty diamond stars?
she asked.
It was a starless night,
and Grandma pointed to the sky.
See, there are no stars
in the sky any longer.
I plucked all the
stars from the sky
and chose the best ones for
your earrings, Grandma replied.
This made Ramya very sad.
Twinkle, twinkle little star,
How I wonder where you are?
Up above the world so high,
Please come back like
diamonds in the sky!
Ramya sang unhappily.
That night, Ramya took off her earrings and
put them carefully under her pillow.
She hoped a fairy would
return the stars to the sky.
In the middle of the night,
Ramya had a beautiful dream.
In the dream, a fairy
came and told Ramya,
Don’t worry Ramya, I have thousands
of new stars for the sky!
Ramya woke up, and do
you know what she saw?
The night sky was
filled with stars!
Ramya's eyes sparkled as she put on her
precious diamond star earrings again!
Now, Ramya is so happy!